so if rats grow to the size of sheep
people who are afraid of these rodents
won't dare leave their homes
in fact everyone will feel like that in
big cities
almost all rats live in the sewers after
increasing in size there won't be enough
space for rats in the damp dark pipes
and one night they'll all be out in the
streets
and our world will plunge into chaos i'm
also guessing counting sheep rats at
night when you're trying to go to sleep
will not be terribly effective most
people
work eat socialize and enjoy life during
the day
we live in tall buildings surrounded by
cleanliness and light
in a sense rats are the exact opposite
when night falls the rats wake up they
live below us
sewers pipelines subways abandoned
stations
these places are full of rodents in
every big city
they can hold their breath underwater
for several minutes
and their smooth coat allows them to
swim quickly through pipes
there have been many cases in the world
when rats crawled through the pipes of
multi-story buildings and private houses
and got out of the toilet sometimes this
happened when there was a person in the
bathroom
these fast sharp toothed animals live
not only in large pipes
but in smaller narrow ones too and now
they're growing in size those small
pipes can't take it and burst
spilling rats to the surface and the big
ones can't support the weight of
thousands of suddenly huge rats
and break the city's complex water
supply system breaks down in minutes
rats in many houses rats won't come out
through a toilet hole
they just knock out the tiles in the
bathroom and break the sewage completely
imagine you hear a loud crash from the
bathroom
go out to see what happened and behold a
huge hole in your restroom
you freeze two glittering eyes are
staring at you from the darkness
and then a monster the size of a sheep
flees into another room you climb out of
the house
through the window call for help but
instead
find the city in chaos pipes are
exploding and bursting in city streets
grimy water flows out from maintenance
holes
the stench is unbearable millions of
people have lost
access to water in their homes the scale
of the disaster is evaluated at billions
of dollars
people run away and huge traffic jams
form on the roads
it's bad enough here but it's even worse
down underground
the entire sewer system is flooded waste
cold and hot water flow from the broken
pipes
being down here is unsafe up above the
ground trembles
but it's not an earthquake huge rodents
are scampering out of maintenance holes
in an endless stream
if you fly a helicopter over the city
right now
the streets will seem to be heavily
flooded with dirty water
but if you look closely you'll see it's
not water at all
it's a sea of rats the reproduction rate
is mind blowing
one couple can give birth to 14
rattlings in a single month
in another two months those newborns are
mature enough to reproduce themselves
in a year that makes 14 000 rats born
from a single couple
and this happens in the sewers for
centuries
it's impossible to count the number of
rats on earth they're very good at
hiding in dark and damp places
but just in new york there are about two
million of these animals
now imagine that those two million
become as big as sheep
and come out of the sewers regular sized
rats squeak loudly already
these beasts make so much noise you
can't go out without earplugs
you can hear this horrid sound even from
the skyscrapers roofs
the next piece of bad news is that you
can't hide from them
rats are excellent climbers scaling
trees phone poles
and slippery sewer pipes their clawed
feet have grown larger and stronger
now an average rack can run at eight
miles per hour
now they can run as fast as horses at
night these animals used to crawl out of
the sewers to find food in the city's
garbage
now they need more so the worst thing
about these rodents is their teeth
a rat has really strong and sharp
incisors that
never stop growing they need to gnaw on
stuff to grind their teeth down
aluminum wood plastic rats can gnaw on
almost anything
and their teeth are now the size of a
kitchen knife
they can literally eat the whole city
they grind their teeth on trees and
demolish parts
make holes in cars and break fire
hydrants
fences and doors are not an obstacle in
their way
rats run into restaurants dwellings
sneak through windows
and turn kitchens and supermarkets
upside down
lots of people are afraid of just the
sight of the rat's long pink tail
this appendage helps them keep their
balance and maintain body temperature
but now this tail acts like a whip
rodents wave it side to side and easily
knock people down rats are very smart
their whiskers help them scan
surroundings and navigate
they easily find the exit from any maze
and don't get into traps if you give
this rodent a poison piece of food
it'll take a small bite feel bad and
never fall for this bait again
that's why no poison can take down these
tricky creatures
also rats are in many ways very
tenacious and hardy animals
their eyes can see not only what's
happening to the sides and in front of
them
but also above them this helps them
escape from birds of prey
but this doesn't mean they're afraid of
all birds rats can hunt pigeons and
sparrows
in some countries they reduce
populations of rare species
by stealing eggs from nests now any bird
can become dinner for the huge rodent
rats have excellent hearing they
recognize high frequency sounds that a
human can't hear
if the huge beast starts chasing you you
can't run from it
even if you hide really well it can hear
you
breathing but the worst thing is that
they carry
many diseases rats rake around in
garbage waste in places where a lot
of harmful bacteria live the animals
become infected
and transmit all this to humans now when
the rats are no longer afraid of us
they're spreading around the world much
faster they don't need to hide in sewers
anymore
if we can't handle them we'll have to go
underground
when the rats get to the docks they
assault the ships
gnaw their way through the decks and eat
everything that can be eaten
sailors scatter in fear someone turns on
the engine of their boat and tries to
escape by water
but a few beasts manage to get on board
wherever this boat goes it'll spread the
rat threat there
the struggle of humanity against this
vermin tide can last for decades
but there's still hope thanks to the
humans best friend
for centuries dogs have helped people
fight rats
they're skilled hunters and to up the
ante people have even bred out a dog
that specifically trained to combat the
nasty rodents
over the years rats have developed an
innate fear of dogs
now imagine a huge wave of gray beasts
they bring down everything in their path
their squeaks drowning out the screams
of people in car horns
they've taken up the entire street and
are moving forward
suddenly a small dog appears before the
crowd
it fearlessly stands in the middle of
the road and looks at the approaching
tide
the rats also notice the dog and stop
the squeaking dwindles and everything
goes quiet
then a short and loud bark the vermin
back off in confusion and start running
seeing this the people come out of their
hideouts with their dogs in tow
together they manage to drive the threat
out of the city
but everyone knows it's not the end yet
there's no cheering in the crowd
people are staring at the horizon
intense and grim but in a minute
they see only the good things the rats
have done
the city streets are clean the rodents
ate and carried away all the garbage
regular-sized rats helped to get rid of
organic waste
which save cities from the stench being
this big
they've cleaned out most landfills and
trash cans
but people know rats will come back not
because of hunger or to try to capture
the city again
garbage will accumulate in and around
the city
and where there is garbage there are
rats